Before time began...
There was The Cube.
We know not where it comes from.
Only that it holds
the power to create worlds
and fill them with life.
That is how our race was born.
For a time we lived in harmony.
But like all great power...
Some wanted it for good...
Others for evil.
And so began The War.
A war that ravaged our planet
until it was consumed by death.
And The Cube was lost to
the far reaches of space.
We scattered across the galaxy.
hopping to find it and rebuild our home.
Searching every star. every world...
And just when all hope seemed lost...
Passage of a new discovery
drew us to an unknown planet called...
Earth.
But we were already too late...
Oh. God! 4 months of this...
Can't wait to get a little taste of home.
Play with mama's alligators... - You've
been talking abut barbecued gators
and crickets for the last 2 weeks.
I'm never going to your mama's hose. I promise.
Bobby. gators are known to have
the most succulent meat.
I understand.
I mean how many times...
We don't speak Spanish.
That's my heritage..
Hey. you guys remember weekends?
The Sox and Fenway. cold hotdog
and flat beer?
Perfect day...
What about you captain?
You got a perfect day?
I just can't wait to hold
my baby girl for the first time.
Watch this crossover man.
like Jordan in his prime...
Step aside mates.
- Hey. what are you doing?
Are you gonna help me with the gear?
Colonel Sharp. we have an inbound
unidentified infiltrator.
10 miles out.
Unidentified aircraft. you are
obstructing US military airspace.
and proceed East out of the area.
Raptors 1 and 2. snap to
heading 250 and intercept.
Bogie is in the weeds.
10 miles out. not responding.
Unidentified aircraft. we'll
escort you to US SOX airbase.
If you do not comply.
we will use deadly force.
We got 10 on the bogie.
Tail 4500X.
Sir it says here 4500X
was shot down 3 months ago.
Afghanistan. - That's gotta be
a mistake. check again and recheck.
I did sir. Friend of mine
was on that chopper.
Where's the inbound?
- Bogie's 5 miles out sir.
Hi my ladies!
Oh my goodness. look at her.
she's getting so big.
Baby we've got a
good looking kid.
I know that people say
that all the time...
We made one good looking
kid. Nice work.
She has your laugh.
- She laughs?
Her first one.
Are you sure she
didn't just fart?
No. she's a lady.
She doesn't know you
yet. but she will.
4500X. something's not right.
Radar's jammed.
It's coming from the chopper.
Sarah if you can hear me
I love you and I'll be home soon.
FX53 pilot. power down now.
Have your crew step
out or we will kill you.
My God...
They bombed that tower!
We're under attack!
They're going after the files!
Cut the hard lines!
I need a key. it's locked!
Ok. Mr. Witwicky you're up.
Sorry. I got a lot of stuff.
Who did that?
People...
Responsibility.
So. for my family genealogy
report. I decided to do it
On my great-great-grandfather.
Who was a famous man.
Captain Archibald Witwicky.
Very famous explorer.
in fact he was one of the first
to explore...
The arctic circle.
which is a big deal.
In 1897. he took 41 brave
sailors straight in to the arctic shelf.
The ice is freezing faster
than is melting!
Chop faster!
No sacrifice. no victory!
We'll get to the
arctic circle lads!
So that's the story.
And here we have some
of the basic instruments and tools
used by 19th century seamen.
This here is the quadrant.
which should be around 80 bucks.
It's all for sale by the way.
Like the sextant here.
50 dollars for this.
this is a bargain.
These are pretty cool.
These are my grandfather's glasses.
Haven't quite gotten them appraised yet.
but they've seen many cool things.
Are you going to sell
me his liver?
Mr. Witwicky this isn't
show and sell.
This is the 11th grade. I don't
think your grandfather would be
particularly proud of what
you're doing. - I know. I'm sorry.
This all is going to
my car fund.
You tell your folks. it's on eBay.
I take PayPal. cold hard cash works too.
Compass makes a great gift for Colombo’s day.
Unfortunately. my great-great
grandfather. the genius that he was...
Wound up going blind
and crazy on a psych ward.
Drawing these strange
symbols. babbling on about some...
Giant ice man that he
thought he saw...
OK. might be a pop
quiz tomorrow. might not!
Sleep in fear tonight.
Pretty good right?
I'd say a solid B minus.
A B minus?
- You were hacking your
great grandfather's
crap in my classroom.
Can you do me a favor? Can you look out
the window for a second and see my father?
He's the guy in the green car.
I'll tell you about a dream.
a boy's dream.
And a man's promise to that boy.
He looked him in the eyes and
said: "Son. I'm. gonna buy you a car."
But I want you to bring me
2000$ and 3 A's.
I got the 2000 and 2 A's.
Here's the dream.
Your B minus... dream gone.
Sir just ask yourself...
What would Jesus do?
A minus.
Wait. I can't see.
It's an A.
So I'm good?
- You're good.
I got a little surprise
for you son.
What kind of surprise?
- Little surprise.
You gotta be kidding me!
- Yeah. I am.
You're not getting a Porsche.
You think that's funny?
- Yea I think it's funny.
What's wrong with you?
- Did you think I'd get you a Porsche?
For your first car? - I don't want to
talk to you for the rest of my life.
C'mon it's just a car.
- It's no funny joke.
Get your cousin out of that damn
clown suit. he's having a heat stroke again.
Scarring away folks.
- I'm hot. makeup's melting. hurts my eyes.
Here? No. no. no what is this?
- You said half of car not half of peace of crap.
When I was your age I'd
be happy with 4 wheels and an engine.
Let me explain something to you.
You ever seen "40 year old virgin"?
That's what this is.
and this is 50 year old virgin.
You want me to live that life?
- No sacrifice...
No victory. yeah i got it.
The old Witwicky motto.
Gentlemen.
Bobby Bolivia. like the country
except without the runks.
How can I help? - Well my
son here is looking to buy his first car.
You come to see me?
- Had to.
That practically makes us family.
Uncle Bobby B baby.
Uncle Bobby B.
- Sam.
Let me talk to you.
Sam. your first enchilada
of freedom...
Awaits underneath one of those hoods.
Let me tell you something son.
A driver don's pick a car.
A car picks the driver.
Some mystical bond between
a man and a machine.
Son I'm a lot of things.
liar is not one of them.
Especially not in front
of my mammy.
That's my mammy.
Don't be like that...
If I had a rock I'd bust your ass bitch.
She's deaf. you know.
Over here... every piece
of car man might want or need.
So it's got racing stripes.
- Yeah. it's got racing...
What the heck is this?
I know nothing about this car.
Manny!
- What?
What is this?
This car. check it out.
I don't know boss.
I've never seen that.
Feels good.
How much?
- Well...
Considering the semi classic
nature of the vehicle...
With the slick wheel and a
custom paint job... - But the paint's faded.
Yeah. but it's custom.
- It's custom faded?
Well it is your first car
and I don't expect you to understand.
5 grand.
- No. I'm not paying over 4. Sorry.
Kid. c'mon get out of the car.
- No. you said cars pick their drivers.
Sometimes it picks a driver
with a cheap ass father. out of the car.
There's a fiesta with racing stripes over there.
- No. I don't wanna a fiesta with racing stripes.
This is a classic engine right here.
I sold a car the other day...
Manny get your clown cousin and get
some hammers and come bang this stuff out baby!
That one's my favorite.
It drove all the way from Alabama.
4 thousand.
Hello Mr. secretary.
They're so young.
-They are top subject matter experts sir.
NSA is recruiting right out
of high schools these days.
Guys. that's the secretary of defense.
- I'. so underdressed.
Ladies and gentlemen.
secretary of defense.
Please be seated.
I'm John Keller.
Obviously you've wondered why
you are here. so these are the facts.
At 19:00 local time yesterday.
Saxon forward operations base at Qatar was attacked.
So far as we know. there were no survivors.
The objective of the attack was
to hack our military network.
We're not sure exactly what they were after.
but we do know that they were cut off during the assault.
Which leads us to assume
they are going to try again.
No one has taken the
responsibility for the attack.
And the only real lead
we have so far...
Is this sound.
That's the signal
that hacked our network.
NSA is working at full capacity to analyze
it and intercept further communications.
But we need your help
to find out who did this
You've all shown considerable ability
in the area of signals analysis.
We're on a hair trigger here people.
The president has dispatched battle
groups to the Arabian Gulf and the Yellow Sea.
This is a real
I will leave you to your officer in charge.
break up into teams and start your work.
Good luck to us all.
Got the car.
now I need a girl.
Any money to count
the girls would do.
0 bids.
Great. broke.
Come on Mojo.
you want your pain pill?
It's like clockwork.
I know you're wasting these
things. so I better get you sleeping outside.
That's it for today.
No more.
Crackhead.
Ron this one is uneven.
- Yea probably.
This one is bobbing.
- I'll take care of that.
Couldn't we have hired a professional?
I do not like footprints on my grass.
- There's no footprints.
That's why I built my path.
So why don't you go from my grass on to my path.
It's family grass dad.
- When you own your own grass you'll understand.
This. I can't do it anymore.
You're putting girl jewelry on a boy dog.
He's got enough self esteem
issues cos he's a Chihuahua.
That's his bling.
I want you home by 11 o' clock.
Yea alright.
- 11 o' clock.
Please. for the love of God
drive safely.
You are so cheap.
That's his first car.
It's supposed to be like that.
A this time. we can't confirm
whether there were any survivors.
Our bases worldwide are as
of now Defcon Delta.
Our highest readiness level.
We are dealing with a very effective weapon
system we that have not come across before.
Our prayers are with the families of the brave
men and women... - Daddy's going to be ok.
I've never seen a weapon
system like this.
Thermal shows this weird aura around
the exoskeleton like it's cloaked
by some kind of invisible force field.
That's impossible. There's no such thing
as invisible force fields
except in comic books
stuff. right?
Man I don't know. My momma. she
had a gift. you know.
She saw things.
That thing that attacked us...
I gotta feeling it ain't over.
How about you use those magical voodoo
powers and get us the hell outta here.
When I took that picture.
I think it saw me.
It looked right at me.
We gotta get this thing back to the Pentagon right
away. they gotta know what we're dealing here.
Radio's fried.
I got no communication with Ariel.
How far do you live from here?
- Not far. just up that mountain.
Do you have a phone?
- Yes.
Alright. let's hit it.
Dude. are you sure
we're invited to this party?
Of course Miles. it's a lake.
Public property.
Oh my God. Oh my God. dude.
Michaela is here.
Just don't do anything weird. alright?
I'm good right?
- Yeah. you're good.
Hey guys. check it out.
Hey bro. that car...
It's nice.
So what are you guys doing here?
We're here to climb this tree.
I see that. it looks fun.
I thought I recognized you. you tried
out for the football team last year right?
Let's go call your mum.
That wasn't like a real try out.
I was researching a book I was writing.
What's it about?
Sucking at sports?
No. it's about the link between brain
damage and football.
I tell you it's a good book.
your friends will love it.
It's got mazes in it. little coloring
areas. sections. pop up pictures...
A lot of fun.
- That's funny.
You gotta get off the tree right now.
Just. get off the tree right now please.
What are you doing?
- You said it's fun.
All the chicks were watching...
- You're making me look like an idiot.
We both look like idiots.
How about you let me drive?
- No. this is not a toy.
These 22. I don't want you grind them.
Why doesn't my little bunny
just hop in the back seat?
I can't even tell you how
much I'm not your little bunny.
You'll call me.
Hey what's wrong
with your radio?
I'm driving her home today.
- What?
She's an evil jock concubine
man. let her hitchhike.
She lives 10 miles from here.
it's my only chance.
Try to understand me here.
- Ok. we'll put here in the back. I'll be quiet.
Did you say put her in the back?
Miles I'm not putting her in the back
You gotta get out of my car right now.
What rules?
Bros before hoes.
- Miles. you gotta get out of my car.
You can't do this to me.
- You gotta get out of my car right now.
It's Sam...
Witwicky
Hope you're not stranded
or anything... Sure?
So listen. I was wondering if I
could ride you home...
I mean. give you a ride home.
in my car to your house.
I can't believe that I'm here right now.
You can talk down if you want.
it won't hurt my feelings.
I didn't mean here you.
I just mean here like
in this situation.
Same situation that I'm always in.
I don't know. I guess I just have a
weakness for hot guys. for tight
abs and big arms.
Big arms?
There's couple of new additions in the car.
Like. I've just put in that
light there...
And that disco ball. light
reflects of the disco ball.
Are you new to school this year?
Is this your first year?
No. we've been in the same
school since first grade. - Really?
Do we have any classes together?
- Yeah. history...
Language arts. math. science...
- Sam... Sam. yes...
Sam Wilckeky...
Witwicky... - I know.
I'm so sorry.
I just didn't recognize you.
- That's understandable.
Just working out the cakes...
This radio is like...
Look this isn't something...
Look I wouldn't try this on you.
This is like a romantic thing
that I'm not trying to do.
I'm a friend of yours. I'm
not a romantic friend.
Romantic friends do this.
I mean. I'm not that friend.
I mean we...
I could be...
Just pop the hood.
Nice huders... You got hi res
double pump carburetor...
That's pretty impressive Sam.
Double pump? - It squirts
the fuel in so you can go faster.
I like to go faster.
It looks like your distributor cap
is a little loose.
How did you know that?
My dad. he was a real grease monkey.
Taught me all about this.
I could take it all apart. clean it
put it back together.
That's weird. I just wouldn't
pay you for mechanical.
Well you know. I don't really
broadcast it. Guys don't like it
when you know more
about cars than they do.
Especially not Trent.
He hates it.
I'm cool with females
working on my engine.
I prefer it actually.
Ok. you wanna fire it up for me?
I was thinking. if Trent is such
a jerk. why do you hang out with him?
You know what. I'm gonna walk.
Good luck with your car.
Alright...
Walking's healthy...
C'mon. please...
Don't let her walk away...
Wait a second!
There it is.
I had fun. so...
Thanks for listening.
You don't think I'm shallow?
I think... There's a lot
more than meets the eye...
With you.
Alright. I'll see you at school.
Stupid...
That was a stupid line.
I love my car.
Guys. I think the other team
figured it out.
Iran. - This is way to smart
for Iranian scientists.
Think about it.
- What do you think?
Chinese? - No way. this
is nothing like what the Chinese are using.
Mr. President? - Can you wrangle me up
some ding dongs darling?
I'll be in storage.
Did you hear that?
Are you getting this?
Like they are hacking the network again.
Oh my God. this is a direct
match to the signal in Qatar.
Are you running a diagnostic?
- Should I be?
Yes you should.
- So I am.
Someone! They are hacking into
Air Force 1.
I think they're planting a virus.
- A virus?
Streaming right now. - They are planting a virus and
stealing whole lot of data at the same time.
Code red. we have a breach.
You got to cut the hard lines.
- What?!
Whatever they want. they are getting it.
- Sir. permission to take down the defense network.
Cut all server hard lines now.
- Cut all server hard lines now.
Someone's tampered with
the mainframe.
I want our president
in our bunker.
And I don't want to discuss
a damn thing other till that becomes reality.
That's our first priority.
that's our only priority right now.
Air Force 1 is on the ground.
That's my car!
Dad call the cops!
Where are you going with
my car buddy. where are you going?
Hello 911 emergency?!
My car's been stolen!
I'm in pursuit. I need all units.
the whole squadron!
Bring everyone! Don't ask me questions.
my father is on a neighborhood watch.
Oh my God...
My name is Sam Witwicky.
Whoever finds this. my car is alive.
These are my last words ever
I just want to say mom. dad I love you.
And if you find "Busty Beauties"
under my bed
it wasn't mine I'm holding it for Miles.
That's not true. it's mine
and uncle Charles gave it to me. I'm sorry.
Moro I love you.
Please don't kill me I'm sorry.
Take the keys. I don't want to touch you.
Good you're here.
- Let me see the hands!
It's not me. the guy's inside.
- Shut up!
Walk towards the car.
Put your head on the hood.
Whoever did this finally managed
to infiltrate our defense network
which is what they've tried to do in Qatar
only this time it worked.
What did they get?
- We still don't know.
Talk to me about the virus.
It's a spider bug virus.
We're not sure what it's going to do
but it may cripple the system.
- Can we stop it?
Every time we try an antivirus
it adapts and speeds up.
It's like it's not a virus anymore
it's become the system.
Obviously the first phase
of major attack against the US.
Only countries with this kind of
capability are Russia. North Korea maybe China.
I'm sorry. that's not correct.
Excuse me young lady I did not
see you standing there
You would be who?
- Just an analyst that detected the hack.
Hold on. it was you?
You did it?
- Her team.
Sir I was trying to say...
They hacked your firewall in 10 seconds.
Even a supercomputer with a brute
force attack would take 20 years to do that.
Maybe you can explain then how
our latest satellite imagery
shows North Korea doubling
its naval activities...
Maybe it's a precaution because
isn't that what we're doing?
Signal pattern is learning. it's evolving
on its own and you need to move past
Fourier transfers and start
considering quantum mechanics.
There is nothing on Earth
that complex.
What about an organism?
A living organism. maybe some kind of
DNA based computer...
I know that that sounds crazy...
That's enough.
We have 6 floors
working on this thing.
Now if you can find proof to
back up your theory
I'm going to be happy to
listen to you.
But if you don't put a
filter on your brain - mouth theme
you're going to off the team.
You understand?
I can't be any clearer.
on how crystal clear I am being.
It just stood up.
- Just stood up?
It's really neat.
Ok. time to fill her up.
I'm not on any drugs.
- What's this?
Found it in your pocket.
Mojo...
Is that what you kids are doing now?
Those are my dog's pain pills.
- Yeah. Chihuahua...
What was that?
You eyeballing my peace?
You wanna go?
Make something happen. do it.
Cos I promise you.
I will bust you up.
Are you on drugs?
Let's hope this
telephone line works.
What the heck was that?
English dude. English.
Where's your papa?!
Sir I need a telephone...
This is an emergency Pentagon call...
Do you understand. this is an emergency...
I don't have a credit card!
Sir the attitude is not going to
speed things up. anything at all.
I'm going to ask you to speak
into the mouth peace very clearly...
I'm in a middle of a war!
Pretty ridiculous!
I need a credit card!
Where's your wallet?!
- Pocket!
Which pocket?
- My back pocket!
You don't have a back pocket!
- Left jink!
Also sir. have you heard about our
premium plus service call package?
No I don't want a premium package!
Give me a status? - Sir we're tracking
a spec ops team under fire in Qatar.
They say they are survivors
at the base attack. - Survivors.
I've never seen this in my life!
Need gunships on station ASAP!
Predators coming up in a minute.
- Linking a call to the nearest AWAC
Man if you've seen this shit...
- Predator ETA 2 minutes.
What is that?
We need air support and we need it now.
Roll in strike package Bravo on unknown target.
7 man team. north of
orange smoke!
Attack to Rich and Wess.
you're cleared hot!
The heat's coming!
- Laser target!
We got to beam light it for incoming!
Link target!
The heat's coming!
No freaking way!
That thing is still not down!
Ok 32 use .105 shells.
Bring the rain.
Be advised. ground team is
requesting .105 sable rounds.
Did we loose it?
- Warthog 1 confirm visual on friendlies.
Where is Frank?
Get a medic!
Bring them home.
Get those men stateside right now.
I want them debriefed in 10 hrs.
There's only one hacker in the world
that can break this code.
I'm sorry to bother you.
- Maggie...
I need your help.
- No. this is my private area...
my place of Zen and peace.
Shut up grandma!
What are you doing here?
- Just give me a break will you?
Grandma cut the prone juice!
What level are you on?
- Sixth...
Don't you want to
see something classified?
I need a moment... please.
- Sorry.
And save my game.
How classified?
Like. I-will-go-to-jail-for-the-rest-
-of-my-life-for-showing-you classified.
One quick peak.
Spec Ops got a thermal snapshot
of whatever hit the base in Qatar.
I wanna see it.
- The imager was damaged sir.
The rangers are in rout with
the imager. but we also have a security issue.
Server logs indicate one of the
analysts made a copy of the network
intrusion signal.
The signal strength is through the roof.
where did you said you got this?
Hacked the national military
air guard frequency in less than a minute.
No way...
Looks like there's a message
embedded in the signal.
Gotta be worth my magic.
Project "Iceman"?
- What's Sector 7?
Who is captain Witwicky?
Are you playing those
videogames again?
Cops!
Get off my grandma's carpet!
She don't like nobody on her carpet!
Especially police!
It was an awesome spectacle here an hour
ago when over 40 C17's lifted off of this very base.
We were not told where
they're going...
Stop with the barking Mojo it's
too early please.
Miles listen to me.
My car. it stole itself ok?
What are you talking about man?
- Satan's Camaro in my yard.
It is stalking me.
Sam?
That was really...
Awesome.
It felt awesome.
- Are you ok?
No I'm not ok. I'm loosing
my mind a little bit.
Getting chased by my car
right now. I gotta go.
You know what. I'm gonna
go. I'll check with you guys later.
Great. the cops.
Officer!
Listen...
That hurt.
Listen to me.
Thank God you're here.
I've had the worst day ever.
I've been followed here on my mother's bike.
And my car is right there
and it has been following me here.
So get out of the car.
Please. what do you want from me?!
This is a bad dream.
Are you username LadiesMan217?
- I don't know what you're talking about!
Are you username LadiesMan217?!
- Yeah...
Where is the eBay item 21153?!
Where are the glasses?!
Get back!
What is your problem Sam?!
- There's a monster right there. it just attacked me!
Here it comes!
Sam what is that thing?
- You have to get in the car.
Get in the car.
Trust me!
We're gonna die!
- We're not gonna die!
We're locked in.
The car won't start.
At least we've ditched the monster. right?
He's gonna kill me!
Not so tough without
a head. are you?!
Come on.
What is it?
It's a robot.
Like a... different...
super advanced robot.
He's probably Japanese.
He's definitely Japanese.
What are you doing?
I don't think he wants to hurt us.
He would have done that already.
Really? Well do you speak robot. because
they just had a giant twin death match.
I think he wants something from me.
- What?
Because the other one was
talking about my eBay page.
You're the strangest
boy I have ever met.
Can you talk?
So you talk through the radio?
So what was that last night?
What was that?
"Visitors from heaven"...
What?
Are you like an alien or something?
Any more questions
you want to ask?
He wants us to get in the car.
And go where?
This car is a pretty
good driver.
Why don't you go sit
in that seat there?
I'm not gonna sit in his
seat. he's driving.
Maybe you should sit
in my lap. - Why?
I have the only seatbelt here.
safety first.
See. that's better.
You know. that seatbelt thing
was a pretty smooth move.
Thank you.
You know what I don't understand...
Why if he's supposed to be this
super advanced robot
does he transform back into
this piece of crap Camaro?
Fantastic!
Now you've pissed him off!
That car is sensitive.
4000$ just drove off.
What?
This is easily a hundred times
cooler than Armageddon.
I swear the God.
Sweet... Dude I hope this guy's got
assdrilling insurance cos he is so boned.
Excuse me. are you the tooth fairy?
Hey sweetheart. what are
you doing out here by yourself?
Holy cow what happened
to the pool?
Are you Samuel James Witwicky
descendant of Archibald Witwicky?
He knew your name.
- Yeah...
My name is Optimus Prime.
We are autonomous robotic organisms
from the planet Cybertron.
But you can call us Autobots for short.
Autobots?
What's crackin' little bitches?
- My first lieutenant...
Jazz... - This looks like a
cool place to kick it.
How did he learn to talk like that?
We've learned Earth's languages
through the World Wide Web.
My weapons specialist. Ironhide.
You feeling lucky punk?
- Easy Ironhide.
Just kidding. I just wanted
to show him my talents.
Our medical officer Ratchet.
The boy's pheromone levels suggest
he wants to mate with the female.
You already know your
guardian Bumblebee.
You're my guardian?
His vocal processor was damaged in battle.
We've been still working on him.
Why are you here?
- We are here looking for the Allspark.
And we must find it
before Megatron.
Mega what?
Our planet was once
a powerful empire.
Peaceful and just.
Until we were betrayed by Megatron.
leader of the Decepticons.
All that were to fight
them were destroyed.
Our war finally consumed the planet
and the Allspark was lost to the stars.
Megatron followed it to Earth.
When captain Witwicky found him.
My grandfather...
It was an accident that
intertwined our fates.
Come back!
The dogs have found something.
The ice is cracking.
I'm alright lads!
Megatron crash-landed before
he could retrieve The Cube.
Men. we've made a discovery!
He accidentally activated
his navigation system.
The coordinates to The Cube's
location on Earth
were imprinted on his glasses.
How did you know
about his glasses?
eBay...
If the Decepticons find the Allspark...
They will use it's power to
transform Earth's machines
and build a new army.
- And the human race will be extinguished.
Sam Witwicky. you hold
the key to Earth's survival.
Please tell me that
you have those glasses.
It's like a self regenerating
molecular armor.
Look at the scorch mark
where the Sable round hit.
Melted right through.
Aren't Sables hot loaded for
like a 6000 degree magnesium burn?
Close to it. that was tank armor.
This metal skin must
react to extreme heat...
I thought you said
that thing was dead man!
Strap it down!
Strap it!
This thing is wicked!
Get on a hornet northern command.
tell them that our effective weapon
is high heat Sable rounds.
Recommend we load them on all gunships. go.
You want that peace?
Ok Maggie look.
They're gonna come through
that door. play good cop bad cop.
Don't fall for that. alright?
That's why I ate their food.
They put the plate of donuts
here to test your guilt.
If you don't touch it you're guilty.
I ate the whole plate.
The whole plate.
It's me and you. They walk
through that door. you don't say nothing.
She did it! She did it!
She's the one you want!
I was just sitting home watching
cartoons. playing videogames with my cousin
and she came in there. alright?
- Glenn you freak!
I am not going to jail
for you or anybody else.
I have done nothing bad
my entire life.
Hey man. I'm still a virgin.
So what. I’ve downloaded a
couple of thousand songs off the internet
who hasn't?!
Glenn shut up!
- No. you shut up!
Don't talk to me!
Don't talk to me criminal!
Sugar rush.
- This is not his fault.
Can I go home now?
Just listen to me.
Whoever hacked into your
military system. downloaded a file.
It was something about
someone named Witwicky...
And some government group
named Sector 7.
You have to let me talk to defense secretary
Keller before you go to war with the wrong country.
What did he say?
Did he hear it too?
Jack heard it too.
- What does he think it is?
He thinks it's a military experiment.
Well I think it's a plane.
Call Sam. he should be
home in 15 minutes.
Well I'll call him in 15 minutes.
- If you wait 15 minutes he'll be late
and you'll have to ground him.
- I can't ground him if he's not late. can I?
Just stay here. alright?
You have to stay here and watch them.
You hear what I'm saying?
5 minutes. alright?
Thanks for staying on my path.
Oh the path. I'm sorry I
forgot about the path.
I'm gonna sweep the whole
thing right now. how about that?
I buy half of your car.
I bail you out of jail.
and then I just decided to
do all your chores.
Life is great.
- Life is fantastic. that's how good it is.
The trash can. sorry dad.
I'm gonna do the trash cans. alright?
No. I don't want you
to strain yourself.
Dad. you'll hurt my feelings
if you do it.
I promise... No. no. I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do the trash cans and I'm gonna
scrape the grill and I'm gonna...
Sweep up the whole house
right now.
Right now?
- Right now.
I love you.
God I love you.
Just so much right now.
- You know. your mom wanted me to ground you.
You're 3 minutes late.
Just another thing you did for me
dad. because you're such a swell guy.
Alright. I love you.
Sleep good handsome man.
What are you doing?
Watch the path!
Sorry. my bad.
You couldn't wait
for 5 minutes. I told you to stay.
I told you...
- Ok. they are in a little bit of a rush.
Mojo no!
Mojo off the robot.
God.
This is Mojo. he's a pet of
mine. he is a pet.
That's all.
Put the guns away.
put them away.
You have a rodent infestation.
shall I terminate?
He's not a rodent. he is a Chihuahua.
This is my Chihuahua.
We love Chihuahuas don't we?
-He has leaked lubricants all over my foot.
He pied on you?
Bad Mojo!
It's gonna rust.
Just hurry
Autobots recon.
He's in the kitchen. I had to
slap him around.
You did not.
You didn't even ground him.
- Almost. almost.
Time is short.
- They really want those glasses.
Please hurry.
No. no. it's definitely gone.
- What do you mean?
Glasses were in the bag. they were
in the backpack. now the backpack isn't here.
Well they're gonna be
pissed. so what do you want to do?
What I think you should do.
you should check this whole
this whole section here.
Give it a clean sweep.
And I'll get the corner here.
Not there. that's my private.
Sorry.
You just told me... - I didn't mean to
look inside of my treasure chest.
You should be way more specific...
This isn't hiding.
This is my back yard.
not a truck stop.
I saw it. UFO landed
right here and now is gone.
My moped is under there
man. who's gonna pay for that?
Sam he's back.
Ok I'll deal with this.
What?! No. no. no
these are my mother's flowers.
Listen. you gotta listen to me.
If my parents come out here
and they see you. they're gonna
freak out. My mom's got a temper.
We must have the glasses.
- I know you need the glasses.
I've been looking everywhere.
they're not here. they're definitely not here.
Keep searching.
- I need you to be quiet for 5 minutes.
Please. I'm begging you.
I can't concentrate.
You want me to look...
- Calm down.
You gotta do something.
Autobots. fall back.
- Please for 5 minutes.
Move! - What's the matter
with you. can't you be quiet?
He wants us to be quiet...
Earthquake! Move. move.
move. earthquake!
Judy get under the table.
move it!
Duck and cover right now!
- How did you get over there so fast?
That was tingling.
Yeah. that looks fun.